samples: matter: Unification of events, buttons and LEDs (#13363)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter samples
--------------

* Unified common code for buttons, LEDs and events in all Matter samples:
  
  * Created the task executor module which is responsible for posting and dispatching tasks.
  * Moved common methods for managing buttons and LEDs that are located on the DK to the board module.

>   * Divided events to application and system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Divided events to application and system events.
```

>   * Defined common LEDs and buttons constant definitions in the board configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Created constant definitions for common LEDs and buttons in the board configuration files.
```
Does this still read correctly? Another option would be:
```suggestion
  * Defined common LED and button constants in the board configuration files.
```
